Yes this week is muscle back Today is Tuesday of April 21
First of all put forward theoretical session today and today Presto prefecture Wednesday
Sand it from the hole and the training to eye
I will follow the way I ring the main and I trained a little more important charm
What that because after all I Using the light weight can you take to concentrate on the form
In since the time of white singing because stamp will come of Gane quite come is to raise the Hey Reppusu
Because quite funk comes
That 's why the usual power and league
I so little different stimulus comes that's bodybuilding system sound Secrets of what you, but after all cats
After all
It feels like Lee, so it feels like it sounds like a punk fall
Why sharp I do but what this hack a little of this t-shirt Japanese-style room is a little
I'm buying it, I guess it's getting bigger
There is no are becoming a little tight, especially t-shirts road I think such things as
It is only a boob match, but today's good evening
And because I changed the dinner menu a little
Why is this egg sound protein chocolate cake I always eat ?
I decided to cut the pop like pancake
It's kind of strange food, but this protein is far from it
Where low in carbohydrates soon
I have another protein from my wife, but when I usually go out for sound
I'm eating it, but I'm eating ordinary breast meat .
I chicken wings this time that drum stick
Do not tell and we will introduce it to that it this America we want and think to eat
That line Fish sister of Memphis's sister
Thank you
It is this if there is a mumps-frequency thin Macka Tennessee style of Hey chicken wings
It's a really good restaurant
I will introduce it , it is a full chicken wing
With Buber whiteness
You eat vegetables too, and you are going to introduce it.
Please bend, yes from trouble
Please laugh or rice diseases that without
And in this it is here in the first one meal eyes of the dinner table to eat that always
Chocolate protein cake and egg white with chocolate cake mix
Mex zone Well which was mixed'm a person who normally open but protein here is Well
Te quality 40g Hodoa'
Ne this is a global license , but in Japanese it's called a bird wing
Noodle push on this guy
Noodles Fish Memphis Style Inside The Tennessee Style Funding Wings Who's this Leaf
It looks like it 's a powder change, but it's just putting the powder of the sound patchy mother
So this is a little extra room and just enough
8 translation this
Now it seems to 280g from what button southern there was about Well about 300g
Well the room is 24g and so the protein is better
30g There are about what serve really is what bland night rice but I this eh carbohydrates now
It is small, but later
Sound or rice of the So I This is called balance I think that trying to protein carbohydrate
This is out in less quality've got quality of blindness is something of generous
That's why I'm keeping a good balance
I eat here and there are vegetables here and it is a bit small but yesterday
My sister was too cold, so there wasn't a minute for Chopin today
This is just the lettuce , cabbage and carrots All Kiyama's guy This source is Edo
I Goss was this a barbecue sauce with that ranch dressing
Tipped of Doritos is those who are a little bit put
I 'm moving, so I want to eat this from now on, so this is the last meal tonight
So this is chicken fried rice in the seat
Today this ne room out with a complete cargo 80g is more of protein in I 6g had become 16g
The but I had a little over protein
Pat in the no separate issue than I think I want to eat a little dessert after eating this First This
It since has if you eat
First of all this here no 1 in the by of Kaa to eat almost go
There was 5th place 400g, but this is really super and it's calories, even if there is only quantity
Because it was 528 kcal to stand or bad
That 's why it's really good on that big road
It is a fruit, so this is about 30 g of carbohydrates
In which eight o'clock of the the I Oh this is from eating not Well the other night has been organized the dietary fiber Monet
It 's like I finished eating it as the last meal in 46 minutes why this video editing and sleeping
What do you want women also so what a white session
I'm interested in it so I want to do my best
Everyone also have training
Yes or in